Metamagic perks from Bombastic Perks (#69473)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/NPCs.md

| spell_level(`s`/`v`)    |  ✅   |   ✅  | u, n  | Return or set level of a given spell. -1 means the spell is not known when read and that the spell should be forgotten if written.<br/>Argument is spell ID. If `"null"` is given, return the highest level of spells the character knows (read only).<br/> Example:<br/>`"condition": { "math": [ "u_spell_level('SPELL_ID')", "==", "-1"] }`|
| spell_level_adjustment(`s`/`v`)    |   ✅  |  ✅   | u, n  | Return or set temporary caster level adjustment. Only useable by EoCs that trigger on the event `opens_spellbook`. Old values will be reset to 0 before the event triggers. To avoid overwriting values from other EoCs, it is recommended to adjust the values here with `+=` or `-=` instead of setting it to an absolute value.<br/>Argument is spell ID. If `"null"` is given, adjust all spell level.<br/><br/>Example:<br/>`{ "math": [ "u_spell_level_adjustment('SPELL_ID')", "+=", "3"] }`|

> | spellcasting_adjustment(`s`/`v`)    |   ❌  |  ✅   | u  | Temporary alters a property of spellcasting. Only useable by EoCs that trigger on the event `opens_spellbook`. Old values will be reset to default values before the event triggers. Multipliers have a default value of 1, while adjustments have a default value of 0. Assignment functions as an adjustment to the default value by the value assigned. So a `=` functions as you would expect a `+=` to function. Reading these values are not possible, and therefore using `+=` is not possible. <br/><br/>Possible argument values: <br/>`caster_level` - Adjustment - alters the caster level of the given spell(s). Works much like spell_level_adjustment, but will not be readable by `math` functions.<br/>`casting_time` - Multiplier - alters the casting time of the given spell(s).<br/>`cost` - Multiplier - alters the cost of the given spells. Note that this does not change what items may be consumed by the spell(s).<br/>`aoe` - Multiplier - alters the area of effect of the spell(s).<br/>`range` - Multiplier - alters the range of the spell(s).<br/>`duration` - Multiplier - alters the duration of the spell(s).<br/>`difficulty` - Adjustment - alters the difficulty of the spell(s), thus altering the probability of failing spellcasting.<br/>`somatic_difficulty` - Multiplier - alters how much encumbrance affects spellcasting time and difficulty. If set to 0, it will also remove the need to have your hands free while casting. Note that as a multiplier, it starts of at 1, and setting the value actually adjusts it. So setting the valute to -1 will result in a final value of 0. Alternatively, setting it to -0,5 twice would also do the trick.<br/>`sound` - Multiplier - alters the loudness and how much mouth encumbrance affects the spell(s).<br/>`concentration` - Multiplier - alters how much focus alters the difficulty of the spell(s).<br/><br/> Optional kwargs:<br/>`flag_blacklist`: `s/v` and<br/>`flag_whitelist`: `s/v` - Only applies the modifier to spells that matches the blacklist and/or whitelist<br/><br/>Example:<br/>`{ "math": [ "u_spellcasting_adjustment('casting_time', 'flag_blacklist': 'CONSUMES_RUNES' )", "=", "-0.95" ] }`|

Author: ```suggestion
| spellcasting_adjustment(`s`/`v`)    |   ❌  |  ✅   | u  | Temporary alters a property of spellcasting. Only useable by EoCs that trigger on the event `opens_spellbook`. Old values will be reset to default values before the event triggers. Multipliers have a default value of 1, while adjustments have a default value of 0. Assignment functions as an adjustment to the default value by the value assigned. So a `=` functions as you would expect a `+=` to function. Reading these values are not possible, and therefore using `+=` is not possible. <br/><br/>Possible argument values: <br/>`caster_level` - Adjustment - alters the caster level of the given spell(s). Works much like spell_level_adjustment, but will not be readable by `math` functions.<br/>`casting_time` - Multiplier - alters the casting time of the given spell(s).<br/>`cost` - Multiplier - alters the cost of the given spells. Note that this does not change what items may be consumed by the spell(s).<br/>`aoe` - Multiplier - alters the area of effect of the spell(s).<br/>`range` - Multiplier - alters the range of the spell(s).<br/>`duration` - Multiplier - alters the duration of the spell(s).<br/>`difficulty` - Adjustment - alters the difficulty of the spell(s), thus altering the probability of failing spellcasting.<br/>`somatic_difficulty` - Multiplier - alters how much encumbrance affects spellcasting time and difficulty. If set to 0, it will also remove the need to have your hands free while casting. Note that as a multiplier, it starts of at 1, and setting the value actually adjusts it. So setting the valute to -1 will result in a final value of 0. Alternatively, setting it to -0,5 twice would also do the trick.<br/>`sound` - Multiplier - alters the loudness and how much mouth encumbrance affects the spell(s).<br/>`concentration` - Multiplier - alters how much focus alters the difficulty of the spell(s).<br/><br/> Optional kwargs:<br/>`flag_blacklist`: `s/v` and<br/>`flag_whitelist`: `s/v` - Only applies the modifier to spells that matches the blacklist and/or whitelist<br/>`mod`: `s/v`,  `school`: `s/v`,  `spell`: `s/v` - Only one of these can be applied. Limits what spells will be affected. If none are specified, the modification will apply to all spells (whitelist and blacklist still applies separately).<br/><br/>Example:<br/>`{ "math": [ "u_spellcasting_adjustment('casting_time', 'mod': 'magiclysm', 'flag_blacklist': 'CONSUMES_RUNES' )", "=", "-0.95" ] }`|
```

> | spellcasting_adjustment_by_mod(`s`/`v`, `s`/`v`)    |   ❌  |  ✅   | u  | As spellcasting_adjustment but only applies to spells fron a specified mod. Arguments are type of adjustment and mod ID.|

Author: ```suggestion
```

> | spellcasting_adjustment(`s`/`v`)    |   ❌  |  ✅   | u  | Temporary alters a property of spellcasting. Only useable by EoCs that trigger on the event `opens_spellbook`. Old values will be reset to default values before the event triggers. Multipliers have a default value of 1, while adjustments have a default value of 0. Assignment functions as an adjustment to the default value by the value assigned. So a `=` functions as you would expect a `+=` to function. Reading these values are not possible, and therefore using `+=` is not possible. <br/> Optional kwargs:<br/>`flag_blacklist`: `s/v` and  `flag_whitelist`: `s/v` - Only applies the modifier to spells that matches the blacklist and/or whitelist.<br/>`mod`: `s/v`,  `school`: `s/v`,  `spell`: `s/v` - Only one of these can be applied. Limits what spells will be affected. If none are specified, the modification will apply to all spells (whitelist and blacklist still applies separately).<br/>Possible values are: <br/>`caster_level` - Adjustment - alters the caster level of the given spell(s). Works much like spell_level_adjustment, but will not be readable by `math` functions.<br/>`casting_time` - Multiplier - alters the casting time of the given spell(s).<br/>`cost` - Multiplier - alters the cost of the given spells. Note that this does not change what items may be consumed by the spell(s).<br/>`aoe` - Multiplier - alters the area of effect of the spell(s).<br/>`range` - Multiplier - alters the range of the spell(s).<br/>`duration` - Multiplier - alters the duration of the spell(s).<br/>`difficulty` - Adjustment - alters the difficulty of the spell(s), thus altering the probability of failing spellcasting.<br/>`somatic_difficulty` - Multiplier - alters how much encumbrance affects spellcasting time and difficulty. If set to 0, it will also remove the need to have your hands free while casting. Note that as a multiplier, it starts of at 1, and setting the value actually adjusts it. So setting the valute to -1 will result in a final value of 0. Alternatively, setting it to -0,5 twice would also do the trick.<br/>`sound` - Multiplier - alters the loudness and how much mouth encumbrance affects the spell(s).<br/>`concentration` - Multiplier - alters how much focus alters the difficulty of the spell(s).<br/>Example:<br/>`{ "math": [ "u_spellcasting_adjustment('casting_time', 'flag_blacklist': 'CONSUMES_RUNES' )", "=", "-0.95" ] }`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| spellcasting_adjustment(`s`/`v`)    |   ❌  |  ✅   | u  | Temporary alters a property of spellcasting. Only useable by EoCs that trigger on the event `opens_spellbook`. Old values will be reset to default values before the event triggers. Multipliers have a default value of 1, while adjustments have a default value of 0. Assignment functions as an adjustment to the default value by the value assigned. So a `=` functions as you would expect a `+=` to function. Reading these values are not possible, and therefore using `+=` is not possible. <br/><br/>Possible argument values: <br/>`caster_level` - Adjustment - alters the caster level of the given spell(s). Works much like spell_level_adjustment, but will not be readable by `math` functions.<br/>`casting_time` - Multiplier - alters the casting time of the given spell(s).<br/>`cost` - Multiplier - alters the cost of the given spells. Note that this does not change what items may be consumed by the spell(s).<br/>`aoe` - Multiplier - alters the area of effect of the spell(s).<br/>`range` - Multiplier - alters the range of the spell(s).<br/>`duration` - Multiplier - alters the duration of the spell(s).<br/>`difficulty` - Adjustment - alters the difficulty of the spell(s), thus altering the probability of failing spellcasting.<br/>`somatic_difficulty` - Multiplier - alters how much encumbrance affects spellcasting time and difficulty. If set to 0, it will also remove the need to have your hands free while casting. Note that as a multiplier, it starts of at 1, and setting the value actually adjusts it. So setting the valute to -1 will result in a final value of 0. Alternatively, setting it to -0,5 twice would also do the trick.<br/>`sound` - Multiplier - alters the loudness and how much mouth encumbrance affects the spell(s).<br/>`concentration` - Multiplier - alters how much focus alters the difficulty of the spell(s).<br/><br/> Optional kwargs:<br/>`flag_blacklist`: `s/v` and<br/>`flag_whitelist`: `s/v` - Only applies the modifier to spells that matches the blacklist and/or whitelist<br/><br/>Example:<br/>`{ "math": [ "u_spellcasting_adjustment('casting_time', 'flag_blacklist': 'CONSUMES_RUNES' )", "=", "-0.95" ] }`|
```

Reordered kwargs after positional argument
Removed kwargs that were removed in code
Added more line breaks

> | spellcasting_adjustment_by_school(`s`/`v`, `s`/`v`)    |   ❌  |  ✅   | u  | As spellcasting_adjustment but only applies to spells fron a specified school. Arguments are type of adjustment and school ID.|

Author: ```suggestion
```

> | spellcasting_adjustment_by_spell(`s`/`v`, `s`/`v`)    |   ❌  |  ✅   | u  | As spellcasting_adjustment but only applies to a specified spell. Arguments are type of adjustment and spell ID.|

Author: ```suggestion
```

> | spellcasting_adjustment_by_mod(`s`/`v`, `s`/`v`)    |   ❌  |  ✅   | u  | As spellcasting_adjustment but only applies to spells fron a specified mod. Variables are type of adjustment and mod ID.|
> | spellcasting_adjustment_by_school(`s`/`v`, `s`/`v`)    |   ❌  |  ✅   | u  | As spellcasting_adjustment but only applies to spells fron a specified school. Variables are type of adjustment and school ID.|
> | spellcasting_adjustment_by_spell(`s`/`v`, `s`/`v`)    |   ❌  |  ✅   | u  | As spellcasting_adjustment but only applies to a specified spell. Variables are type of adjustment and spell ID.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| spellcasting_adjustment_by_mod(`s`/`v`, `s`/`v`)    |   ❌  |  ✅   | u  | As spellcasting_adjustment but only applies to spells fron a specified mod. Arguments are type of adjustment and mod ID.|
| spellcasting_adjustment_by_school(`s`/`v`, `s`/`v`)    |   ❌  |  ✅   | u  | As spellcasting_adjustment but only applies to spells fron a specified school. Arguments are type of adjustment and school ID.|
| spellcasting_adjustment_by_spell(`s`/`v`, `s`/`v`)    |   ❌  |  ✅   | u  | As spellcasting_adjustment but only applies to a specified spell. Arguments are type of adjustment and spell ID.|
```
